fix: add missing alt descriptions (#19332)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/building_blocks/a_cool_looking_box/index.md

The following screenshot shows an example of what the finished design could look like:

> ![On white background, a big red box displaying white text: this is a cool box.](fancy-box2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A big red box with rounded corners. White text with drop shadow reads 'this is a cool box'.](fancy-box2.png)
```
